README.md, before:

# react-hive

## Installation
```
npm install react-hive --save
```

## Docs
[https://enderlabs.github.io/react-hive](https://enderlabs.github.io/react-hive)

## Contributing
1. Clone (or fork if you don't have access) the repo: `git clone git@github.com:enderlabs/react-hive.git`
2. Navigate to the directory: `cd react-hive`
3. Install dependencies: `npm install`
4. Start the Docs app. You'll develop against the docs and use it to preview your changes: `npm run docs`
5. Create a feature branch for your changes: `git checkout -b your_name/description_of_feature`
6. Commit changes. Be sure to reference any issues it relates to: `git commit -m "Fixes #1: description of fix`
7. Push your changes: `git push origin your_name/description_of_feature`
8. Open up a Pull Request against the `develop` branch.
9. Someone on the core team will review your Pull Request and request changes if needed.
10. Once approved your changes will be merged into `develop` and queued up for the next release.
11. As seen fit the core team will release new versions off the `master` branch.

Commit message:

Update version to match hive version

README.md, after:

# react-hive [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/react-hive.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/react-hive)

## Versioning Strategy
This package's version will follow the versioning of Hive (https://github.com/enderlabs/hive). When including the Hive stylesheets make sure they match the version of the package you're using.

## Installation
```
npm install react-hive --save
```

## Docs
[https://enderlabs.github.io/react-hive](https://enderlabs.github.io/react-hive)

## Contributing
1. Clone (or fork if you don't have access) the repo: `git clone git@github.com:enderlabs/react-hive.git`
2. Navigate to the directory: `cd react-hive`
3. Install dependencies: `npm install`
4. Start the Docs app. You'll develop against the docs and use it to preview your changes: `npm run docs`
5. Create a feature branch for your changes: `git checkout -b your_name/description_of_feature`
6. Commit changes. Be sure to reference any issues it relates to: `git commit -m "Fixes #1: description of fix`
7. Push your changes: `git push origin your_name/description_of_feature`
8. Open up a Pull Request against the `develop` branch.
9. Someone on the core team will review your Pull Request and request changes if needed.
10. Once approved your changes will be merged into `develop` and queued up for the next release.
11. As seen fit the core team will release new versions off the `master` branch.
